The moon is so pretty.
Sing, whenever the moon is so pretty,
make a wish.
It'll definitely come true.
-Really?
-Yes!
O moon, I must be an official
when I grow up.
I want to be honorable and arrest
the criminals and corrupt officials.
FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE
Who comes this early in the morning?
Broken drum. Broken board. Broken court.
Go get your rotten official!
How dare you insult His Honor?
He's just a junior official.
Is he worthy to be insulted by me,
Fong Tong-kan?
-Fong Tong-kan?
As in Canton's best lawyer, Mirror Fong?
This is the lawsuit.
I represent Mr. Lam
in accusing Wong Lo-chou's wife.
When Mr. Lam went to collect rent,
she was attracted by Mr. Lam
so she tried to rape Mr. Lam.
We're falsely accused!
It was Mr. Lam who wanted to rape my wife
on the pretext of collecting rent.
Where's His Honor?
He went to your grandpa's.
Checkmate!
No way, I'll counter you.
Checkmate again.
Then I'll capture your general.
Don't think that you're so great
now that you've become a magistrate.
How can I compete with you, Dad?
Do you remember what I told you?
You should be a decent
and honest official.
Dad, but you were a...
Yes, I was a corrupted official.
My nickname is
"anything can be straightened,
the dead can be revived."
Since I've done so many bad deeds,
twelve of your brothers died before me.
Your brothers died one after another.
I could do nothing but to retire
and donate all my wealth to charity.
That's why you're alive, Sing.
I wrote this calligraphy for you
to hang on the wall.
It's the word, honesty.
No matter how I look at it,
the word is clearly poverty.
Uncle! Big trouble!
-Uncle! Grandpa.
-What's the matter?
-Come, have some sweet potato soup.
-Mom.
It's delicious.
My ninth son, eat up.
I'm Sing, your 13th son.
Do I have so many sons?
Little boy, who are you looking for?
I'm your husband.
What about you?
I'm your grandchild, Grandma!
My lovely little girl, you're so tall now.
Dear, eat now or it'll get cold.
I'm your 13th son, Mom.
Uncle, we'll be rich.
Let Mirror Fong lead the show.
We'll take advantage halfway through.
It's a good opportunity indeed.
I spent so much on this post
just to make money from these cases.
You despicable son.
I told you not to be a corrupted official.
Why won't you listen to me?
Mirror Fong is the best lawyer in Canton.
Do you think you can go against him?
Don't even dream about it.
All right, Dad.
-Let's go.
-Grandpa, we're leaving.
Sing, you forgot to take my calligraphy.
I'd rather leave that calligraphy
of poverty with you!
Hey!
Why are you standing?
I'm Fong Tong-kan,
a former recommended person.
I needn't kneel in front of you by right.
How cocky you are! You bully the poor
and send shit to others during winter.
-He may become your superior.
-I don't care now.
I want to teach you a lesson.
Thank you.
I've heard that your mom is hospitable.
Be it the locals or foreigners,
she won't mind.
I know that you call everyone "godfather."
I'd like to learn it.
You're welcome.
But my mom is really hospitable.
No, he means your mom is a hooker.
Do you mean my mom is a hooker?
Well, when did you see me
sending shit to others during winter?
That was only a metaphor.
Well, it was only a metaphor
of your mom's friendliness.
I don't call everyone godfather.
-You--
-I don't know that yet.
But Wong Lo-chou's wife
clearly intended to rape Mr. Lam.
Please convict her.
His wife intended to rape him.
It's a false accusation, Your Honor!
Mr. Lam came on the pretext
of collecting rent,
but he assaulted my wife.
When I came back,
I saw him holding my wife's hands.
He pressed my wife on the table
and wanted to rape her.
I couldn't help but to hit him
with a wooden stick.
Then his lackeys rushed in
and held me down.
Lam Ji-weng, you held her hands.
Obviously, you wanted to rape his wife.
Your Honor, you're so smart
and wise today.
Really?
You look great too.
I always look great.
Are your palms red?
Help me take a look.
What are you doing?
Hey!
You meant holding hands constitute raping.
So, am I raping you now?
Sit down and watch my show.
The fact is Mr. Lam wanted
to take his house back
because they didn't pay the rent.
They refused and threatened
Mr. Lam with a rape accusation.
Please make a fair judgment.
No, Your Honor.
The house was rented
by Mr. Lam's dad to my dad.
My dad saved his dad's life.
So, his dad rented out the house
at 30 taels a year.
We paid the rent promptly every year.
Do you have the lease? Let's have a look.
Yes.
It's as small as a godson.
How can I read it?
Or would you rather read
the godfather-sized deed?
Which do you prefer?
Godfather.
Good boy.
I thought you don't call others godfather.
The lease is here. Read it out loud.
"I, Lam Dai-fook, am renting
the house on Dai-su Street
to my benefactor, the Wong family,
to repay his good deed.
If they are unable to pay the rent,
they cannot be evicted nor can the house
be rented to another party.
My sons and grandsons are obliged
to honor this lease."
See? Your dad doesn't mind
if he doesn't pay the rent.
He paid the rent yearly.
How can you evict him?
Yes, we pay 30 taels every year.
What? It should be
30,000 taels, Your Honor!
What? Just because you say so?
Your Honor, did you even study?
I know you never studied.
Let me show you.
The lease should be read this way.
"The house is rented to Wong
to repay his good deed.
If the rent of 30,000 taels per year
isn't paid,
give notice, evict, and rent to others."
How could you amend it this way?
Can you make your judgment now?
Are you delaying because you want money?
This banknote of 3,000 taels is not yours.
This is for you.
You're only worth this much.
Take it.
One tael?
-Take it or leave it.
-No, it's fine.
Hurry up. Give your conviction!
Wong Lo-chou owes rent.
You should move out as soon as possible.
Return the house to Lam Ji-weng.
Regarding the accusation
of Mrs. Wong raping Mr. Lam--
Since she didn't succeed, just forget it.
Mr. Lam is generous indeed.
Thank you!
You're heartless!
Godson, heed my advice.
Go home and become a farmer.
You dare call yourself an official.
You're truly a laughing stock.
Hey, the Chi family's carriage
is here to pick up the bride.
Who would marry that consumptive?
Even Pao Lung-sing can be a magistrate.
Anything can happen.
Come on, let's drink some tea.
-Uncle, where are you going?
-I'm going out for a stroll.
-No, please don't.
-Why?
PRESTIGE
CORRUPTED OFFICIAL, STEP DOWN.
YOU'LL BE PUNISHED BY GODS.
This is too much.
Yu-fa, go out and take a look.
Mr. Pao is coming out!
-Stone him to death!
Sir, it's dangerous out here.
In that case, we'll use the rear exit.
Uncle, it's safe. Come out.
It's fine.
Let's go.
What's the matter?
"We welcome you, bastard."
I wonder if it's meant for you.
Impossible. My name isn't bastard.
-Stone him!
Take a look, it's fresh.
Buy some vegetables!
Sir, buy some. They are fresh.
So far, so good.
This disguise works.
Mr. Pao!
Deep-fried Mr. Pao.
Deep-fried Pao Lung-sing.
Dude, this is stinky bean curd.
How is it related to Pao Lung-sing?
That useless Pao Lung-sing
are smellier than these stinky bean curd.
How can you say that?
Deep-fried Pao Lung-sing!
Today's story is how Pao Lung-sing
was raped by a few strong men.
This corrupted magistrate
deserves to be raped.
Am I really that disgusting?
Yau-wai, tell me the truth.
Yes. After looking at you for a while,
I do feel nauseous.
Even if that was true,
you could've worded it nicely.
Pao Lung-sing was towed to the mud
and was beaten up.
The muscular men fed him with shit.
He kept on eating it happily.
He seemed to be enjoying it.
He then said, "I can't stop eating."
Did I do anything bad to you
for you to hate me that much?
Nonetheless, I'm a magistrate.
Although I'm not very handsome,
you don't need to slander me like this.
I don't believe everyone hates me.
Raise your hand if you like me!
-Run!
-Go!
Don't raise your hand
if you don't want to.
But you all ran away. What does that mean?
-Where are they going?
-To take weapons.
-Stone him!
I think they are against me.
Isn't that obvious?
What a failure.
I make no money
and everyone ends up hating me.
I must educate the future generation!
Because children will be
the masters of the future.
As long as they like me, I'll have hope.
Little boy.
Good boy, I like you.
Who could have imagined
a little boy has so much saliva?
No way.
How can that consumptive get married?
You're right.
He's good.
He's fighting in my territory
without informing me.
Who does he think he is?
I'm Panther, the best constable.
Here to arrest the 40 notorious robbers.
Whoever gets in my way will be killed!
-Run!
What happened to the carriage?
Son, go get your bride.
What a waste!
Will her husband die suddenly tonight?
If he dies, then will you take his place?
You were the one who said it, not me.
-Mr. Pao.
-No, I'm definitely not.
Mind your tongue
or I'll report to the court.
You don't have to deny it.
I recognize you from your smell.
It's an honor to have
your presence grace my son's wedding.
Uncle, you're appreciated.
You should give thanks to Buddha.
Do you really appreciate me?
Without corrupted officials,
how can profiteers like us live in peace?
So, you're one of us.
Sir, please be present
and join our celebration.
Sure, let's go.
-Remember to give us a red packet.
-Sure! This way, please.
Smile for the happy occasion.
It's almost done. Just a tad more.
Old man, your son is coughing badly.
Don't worry. He's fine.
Don't cough your lungs out, pal.
He's okay. Don't worry.
What did he cough out? What's this?
A piece of liver!
Pal, are we having a hot pot later?
What a relief.
It's done. Please take a rest.
Okay.
Hey.
Uncle, they are getting married.
Stop dreaming.
What? He may die during the wedding.
He even coughed out his liver.
-Is that really the liver?
-What do you think?
Thank you.
Yuen-kwan, congratulations on
your son's marriage.
I'm only his stepmom.
This is merely a formality.
Yuen-kwan.
I heard you've kept a handwritten copy
of Wah-yim Sutra.
Can I have a look?
You should go first.
Where can a dead man like you run to?
Panther, you rely on your powerful sword!
-If you have guts, drop your sword.
-All right!
-Attack!
Panther, your hands are powerful!
If you have guts, don't use them.
All right.
Get him.
Your legs are powerful!
Try not using your hands, legs, and sword.
All right!
-His voice is really powerful.
-Yes.
Someone's dead.
Hurry, report to the court!
I am an official.
What am I then?
I'm the best constable.
I'm the best martial arts expert
from Liu Shan Men.
Lui Pao, also known as Panther.
I've chased after these notorious robbers
for the past seven days and nights.
In fact, you've kept them here.
Sir, I don't know anything.
Don't you know
they were coming to this wedding?
Sir, my son's getting married.
-I didn't know they had sneaked in.
-Really?
Sir, I dare not lie to you.
Mr. Pao, don't you think so?
Mr. Pao! Where are you?
-Mr. Pao!
Sir, he doesn't respect us.
It's shameless to hide under the table.
Be quiet. We're here to catch a breath.
He seems to be powerful now.
I'll let him have the limelight first.
Once he gets full of himself
and makes a mistake,
we'll attack, skin him alive,
and break every bone in his body.
What's the matter?
I'm talking about roasted pig.
Why are you eavesdropping?
-So you're the so-called magistrate here.
-Yes, I am.
You must be in cohorts with him
to protect these robbers
and plotting a rebellion!
He's as good as you at framing others.
Since we are of the same kind,
let's share the cake.
I'll take a bigger share
and you'll take the rest.
I want it all.
That's fine with me.
What can I help you with?
Let me tell you now that my visit today
is actually an undercover operation
to check whether you've committed a crime.
Thank goodness.
Constable Panther and I have uncovered you
as the mastermind
behind the arson and murders.
Someone, arrest him.
Your Honor, it's not my doing.
I've been framed.
It has nothing to do with me.
-All right, deal!
-Thank you!
They said we'll get 50,000 taels
within two hours.
Why don't we go back
and ask two ladies to dine with us?
Two aren't enough.
I want 20!
FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE
Sir, please wait here.
I'll check if the ladies have arrived.
They are here. Coming through.
Is everyone here already?
Go and entertain Mr. Panther.
Do you understand?
Sir.
You bastard. How dare you offend me?
Shithead.
That bastard, Mr. Pao
has fallen into the hole!
Bastard! Stone him to death!
-You deserve it!
-Martial arts expert, right?
What's going on? Are you playing?
How can you drop rats
in there to torture him?
Mr. Panther, don't worry.
I'll put a snake in there
to eat all the rats.
Wait for me, Uncle!
Hurry up, the banquet will be over soon.
I want to eat the sweet soup.
It's almost dawn.
Be happy if there's an orange left.
-Mr. Pao!
-I am not.
-Mr. Pao, hold on.
We know how great you are.
You dealt with Panther
and saved the entire Chi family.
We represent the Chi family
to welcome you.
Let's cheer for Mr. Pao.
You are great! Bravo!
Mr. Pao, please give us a speech.
Say something decent.
Have they served the noodles yet?
Mr. Pao, we haven't even
eaten the roasted pig.
We reserved one solely for you.
Let's go.
Enjoy the dinner.
Thank you, Your Honor. You're really wise.
You're welcome. Think of it as a gift.
Old man, haven't you eaten
the roasted pig yet?
Oh, it's you again!
Are you going to spit?
Don't do it or I'll beat you up.
This is for you.
-You're great, Mr. Pao.
-Thank you.
Treat your wife well or I'll lock you up.
-I will.
-Eat more liver. It's nutritious.
Now, go to your wedding chamber.
Go now. Go.
I don't want to marry you.
I want to marry Mr. Pao.
Mr. Pao!
Siu-lin!
That's great, Siu-lin.
-Come here, Siu-lin!
-Hey.
What are you doing, Uncle?
They are staring.
Let's leave!
Watch out for fire.
Pretend to have a stomach ache
-Line up for the toilet
-Help! Save me!
-Pretend to have a stomach ache
-What's going on?
-Go!
Don't move!
Let me handle this.
You guys should do it.
Uncle, if you can't,
you should let me do it.
Damn you. How dare you hit me?
The entire Chi family is dead!
Don't touch anything!
FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE
How dare you!
You dare attack another person in court!
Bite with all your strength!
I'm not afraid!
Uncle, stop toying with him.
Mind the foot.
It's none of my business.
Let go of me!
How dare you. Do you know--
-I know nothing.
-Do you understand--
I know nothing.
-Bastard! Prepare him for punishment.
-Beat him!
Do you want to beat me?
A low-ranking magistrate
like you wants to beat me.
Don't you know I'm the son
of the Navy commander, Shang Kwan?
Is the Navy commander a senior position?
Twenty ranks higher than yours.
Mr. Shang, have you eaten yet?
Mr. Shang, would you like some tea?
How about the finest tea?
No. I'm a decent and honest magistrate.
Shit, even if the emperor commits a crime,
he should be perished!
-It's "punished."
-Whatever!
Even if he were the prince!
Mrs. Chi. Did he kill your family?
Yes, Your Honor!
My family, altogether 13 people,
were killed by him.
Please render justice.
Please tell the court
what actually transpired.
Your Honor.
Shang Wai is my mother-in-law's cousin.
He always visits the family.
That night, my husband was very ill.
I went to the altar to ask for blessings.
Suddenly,
someone covered my nose
with a handkerchief.
I could only smell a potent medicine.
After that, I passed out.
When I woke up,
I was already...
I was defiled by Shang Wai.
You beast!
Guards, beat him 12,738 times.
Never mind! Let me do it!
Uncle, don't be rash. Let her finish.
All right, go on.
That night...
You beast, you're inhuman!
Enough!
You were unconscious just now.
Why don't we do it again
as compensation to you?
Don't come over.
You asshole!
How dare you have an affair with her!
Shut up!
Let go of me!
Yuen-kwan!
You bastard, you killed my wife.
I won't let you go.
I'll report to the court!
Father!
-I want to kill you!
-Don't be rash. Let her finish.
Time reporter,
describe the scene in detail!
I was doing my patrol.
Suddenly, I heard Chi family's dog
barking wildly.
So, I went in to have a look.
I saw corpses everywhere.
I saw Shang Wai and Loi-fook fighting.
Someone kicked me
and I lost consciousness.
After that, I saw nothing.
Summon Loi-fook!
Did Shang Wai kill all 13 members
of the Chi family?
Yes.
He wanted to kill me too.
Don't be afraid. I'm here to protect you.
Help me, Your Honor. Please help me.
You said you would protect me.
He has already given me leeway.
If I weren't around,
he would've gone for your throat.
Thank you, Your Honor.
-What happens now?
-Lock him up temporarily.
Kill him after examining the bodies.
Lock him up first!
-Kill him after the examination of bodies!
-Yes.
Do you want to convict me? I'm not scared!
-I'm not scared!
-What did you say? You talk too much!
You hit the wrong person! Where's justice?
Mrs. Chi.
Don't worry. I will try my best
to avenge your family.
Uncle, you've done a great job.
What's shining so bright?
It's the light from the sycee, Your Honor.
It's you.
We work for our own masters in court.
I'd like to compensate you now.
What do you say?
What compensation?
Like an old Chinese saying,
"There is a golden house in the books."
If you do me a small favor,
you don't need to study
to get this golden house.
-Let's discuss it.
-Hey!
What do you mean?
Mr. Shang Wai is the son
of Navy commander.
You do know it, don't you?
But do you know
that the Navy commander, Mr. Shang,
is the blood brother of Eunuch Lee?
Who's that?
Are you referring to Lee Lin-ying?
He's the right hand
of the empress dowager.
You scared me.
On behalf of Mr. Shang,
these sycees are sent to you as a present.
What do you want?
The commander's mom is now 97 years old.
She loves Mr. Shang very much.
She heard the news about Mr. Shang.
She's been crying again and again.
Mr. Shang hopes that you can
let Mrs. Shang visit her grandson.
Sir, you better rest early.
Tomorrow, I will bring
Mrs. Shang out of prison.
Why don't you just help
with this simple task?
Are you bribing me?
Isn't that the reason
you became an official?
I've become an honest and decent official.
I won't be bribed. Let me tell you that.
-Haven't you heard of it?
-Yes!
But be considerate. She is so old.
Yes, she's old. I have to respect her.
Filial duty is the first thing
we Chinese should do.
I'm a little bit tired.
-Yau-wai, lead them to prison.
-Yes!
Wait!
When I wake up and open my eyes,
I want Shang Wai kneeling
in the court, okay?
Of course. Thank you, Your Honor.
This way, please.
She's almost 100 years old.
She just wants to see her grandson.
It's fine.
Let me go!
Don't you know
my dad is the Navy commander!
My godfather is Eunuch Lee.
I want to kill your family!
Don't chat for too long.
It's going to be difficult for me.
-Sorry for the trouble.
-Thank you!
Who are you?
Your grandma is here to visit you.
Grandma?
Dad.
Did you have a death wish?
You caused big trouble.
Dad, take me away.
Where can you go?
I'm the Navy commander.
Even if you escape, the government
will still request me to arrest you.
I disguised myself to visit you.
Do you know it's already a big risk?
If I was discovered, I'd be in trouble.
-What should I do? I'm scared.
-Don't worry.
I employed this famous lawyer,
Mr. Fong, to defend you.
Mr. Shang, you have to tell me
every detail.
Don't miss anything.
How's the case? Can you help?
Luckily, it's only midnight.
We still have four hours to work.
What are we doing?
Changing white to black.
Changing the plaintiff
to be the defendant.
Tomorrow, you have to remember.
-Court.
Yau-wai.
-Yau-wai.
-Yes?
What's the matter, Uncle?
I haven't gotten up.
Why are they starting?
Mr. Chan came back early in the morning.
Mr. Chan?
Yes, he's the magistrate.
You're the acting magistrate.
He recovered so he'll be the judge.
You were sleeping soundly
-so I didn't wake you up.
-Shit!
Uncle!
Your Honor.
-Sir, this case--
-Cut the crap, step aside.
-Step aside!
-Yes.
Uncle, sit here.
Damn it.
Mrs. Chi, you accused Shang Wai
of killing your family.
Other than you, who has witnessed it?
Summon the coroner!
Your Honor, regarding the 13 bodies
of Chi family and a dog,
all their faces turned black.
I tested with a silver needle.
It turned black too.
I'm sure they were poisoned to death.
I discovered a pot of sweet soup.
It was mixed with arsenic.
How dare you!
Your family was poisoned to death.
Why did you claim Shang Wai killed them?
You're framing him, aren't you?
Your Honor, that's not true!
Your Honor, I saw Shang Wai
chasing after her servant.
Who saw Shang Wai chasing Loi-fook?
I saw it. The time reporter saw it too.
Time reporter? Summon the time reporter.
Your Honor, I didn't see
Shang Wai chase after Loi-fook.
When I entered the Chi family's garden,
I saw Loi-fook chasing after Shang Wai,
and he was defending himself.
Loi-fook kicked me, and then I fainted.
I don't know what happened after that.
This is not what you said last night.
-You--
-I felt dizzy last night,
so I talked nonsense.
-Think before you talk. This is--
-Shut up!
Summon the drugstore keeper, Chu Yee.
Right, Your Honor.
Yesterday afternoon,
this woman came to my store to buy drugs.
She said there were rats in her house
so I sold her a catty of arsenic.
I didn't, Your Honor.
I didn't buy arsenic from this store.
I always go there to buy cough medicine
for my husband.
Who is it?
Your Honor, I'm Fong Tong-kan.
I want to sue someone.
He...
Who are you going to sue?
I represent the Shang family to sue
Mrs. Chi, who failed to seduce Mr. Shang,
so she framed him for murder.
Secondly, I want to sue Pao Lung-sing
for bribing and framing Mr. Shang.
Sir, I heard that Mr. Pao has been bribed
by Mrs. Chi with 30,000 taels.
Now, his house is filled with money.
Is that true?
-Someone, go check it.
-Yes!
Your Honor, it's a setup.
-No, I have to tidy up our place first.
-Freeze.
Your Honor, there is a lot of money
in Mr. Pao's place.
Pao Lung-sing,
you're temporarily suspended.
I'll decide after the truth is revealed.
Mrs. Chi didn't give me the money. He did!
How dare you frame him now?
If you speak up again, I will beat you.
-I--
-Uncle, save it. They colluded.
Come on. Just stay with me.
Godson, I can't help you now.
Thirdly, I want to sue Mrs. Chi
for killing her whole family.
Sir, I'm being framed!
Shang Wai killed my family!
How dare you scream in court!
-Someone, slap her.
-Yes!
I'm being framed!
Sir, how can the plaintiff
become defendant and vice versa?
You're fired.
If you don't shut up, I'll beat you hard.
Someone, summon Shang Wai!
Your Honor!
Sir, I'm Ms. Yiu's cousin.
Last night, I accidentally discovered
the affair of Mrs. Chi and Loi-fook.
Mrs. Chi begged me
not to disclose the secret.
She asked me to discuss
with her in her place.
When I went to her place,
she made sweet soup.
But her family were all gone.
She offered the sweet soup to me.
You're lying!
-Slap her again.
-Yes, Your Honor.
Your Honor!
I was suspicious so I didn't drink it.
I looked around.
I discovered her family members
were all dead.
Loi-fook rushed in to kill me.
He released his dog to bite me.
I rushed to the streets in fear
and Loi-fook chased after me.
Suddenly, he shouted for help!
I didn't know what kind of code was that.
After that, Mr. Pao and his men
arrived and arrested me.
-You are lying!
-Hey!
You're framing me!
Summon the gynecologist.
Your Honor.
As per your request,
I've examined Mrs. Chi.
On the day of the tragedy,
there were signs of sexual intercourse
and she is pregnant for two months.
Your Honor, it adds up.
Her husband is weak and ill.
The doctor said he couldn't have children.
The public knows it.
She's pregnant now.
That proves her affair with Loi-fook.
Summon Loi-fook!
Your Honor.
How dare you seduce your master?
You even killed the Chi family.
Do you admit to your crime?
Your Honor, I had an affair with Mrs. Chi.
But I didn't poison the family.
She did it alone.
I didn't.
Don't lie. How can she fall for you?
Who will believe you?
Show me the evidence.
Mrs. Chi loves me.
She thinks I'm talented,
so she wrote me a poem.
I brought it here. Let me read it out.
"Ever since we met,
I know we are two of a kind.
Who cares how long we can be together?
We should just enjoy our time."
Your Honor, please read this.
I'm being framed.
How dare you hook up with your servant,
poison and kill
all 13 members of your family?
Now, all the evidence
is enough to prove you are guilty.
Are you going to admit it?
I'm being framed, Your Honor.
Punish her.
Your Honor, stop it.
She can't take it anymore.
Uncle, give up.
As a third-generation official,
I know framing is common in court.
But, you are going too far now.
You have no say here.
No.
Go ahead.
Mrs. Chi has confessed to all her crimes.
Well, her death sentence
will happen after autumn.
-Yes!
-Lock her up for now.
Adjourn.
I'm sorry!
You bastard, you colluded
with them to set me up!
I won't let you go!
Snow! It's snowing.
Snow in June.
It's a setup.
Let's try the case again!
-It's a setup!
-Uncle.
The house is empty.
Where can we get the evidence?
Do you expect the evidence
to be on the table?
You should find it yourself.
Uncle, what a tough dog.
Isn't it Chi family's dog? Bill.
How do you know that?
Who wrote it?
I remembered.
You asked them not to move the evidence
and you wanted them to label it.
God is helping me.
Show me its head.
Turn it!
No poison?
Obviously, its neck was broken.
It was killed.
Why were the family members poisoned then?
I have to examine the corpses.
Messing with the corpses is a felony.
COFFIN HOME
The head is connected by these nails.
If the nails are pulled out,
the body will be separated.
He was beaten to death.
But the needle turned black.
It proved that there's poison
in his throat.
Hurry up, it stinks.
I have to examine another corpse.
Try stabbing into the stomach.
If they are poisoned,
the needle will turn black too.
It didn't turn black.
There's no poison inside his stomach!
But there's poison in the throat.
I think they were beaten to death.
Then, the poison was poured
into their throat.
So, the poison could never
reach the stomach.
That's right!
I got it!
Bravo!
Yes!
-We got it!
-Yes!
-Bravo!
-We found it!
-Yes!
-Bravo!
Your Honor. Why are you here?
I came here to arrest you.
Do you want to destroy the evidence?
You will be put in jail.
Mr. Chan.
Mr. Shang.
Well done.
You're very wise.
You know they will come back
for the evidence to reverse the verdict.
Set fire to this place
and destroy everything.
I understand.
When you're weeding,
you must dig up the root.
Find someone in prison and...
Pal, please tell my superior.
If I become a state witness,
will he give me some leeway?
You're dumb.
Your nephew was faster.
He's the state witness.
He's going against you.
He's drinking soup at home now.
-You deserve it.
-What did you say?
Corrupted officials like you
deserve to be put in jail
and be chopped into pieces.
I'm not in a good mood.
Cut the crap. I won't entertain you.
So what? Come and fight me if you dare.
Don't push it. I will beat you.
You bastard.
You deserve to be with that bitch!
What bitch? What did you say?
Say it again!
The one that married the consumptive!
She's behind the wall.
Do you mean this wall?
The wall behind you!
You should have told me earlier.
Mrs. Chi! I'm Pao Lung-sing.
Where are you?
Save your crocodile tears.
Just charge me with anything you want.
In fact, I want to reunite
with my husband in heaven.
What a pity.
I'm having his baby.
Is the baby really that consumptive's?
I mean your husband's.
My husband got a hereditary nostrum.
He took medicine regularly.
He had almost recovered.
He also got back his reproductive ability.
That's so great.
Why don't you come over here?
You can torture me as you please.
You've misunderstood.
Look at me.
To reverse your conviction,
I was dragged down too.
Mr. Pao, I've wronged you. I'm sorry.
It doesn't matter.
If I can make it out one day,
let me copy your hereditary nostrum.
However, I think
they will kill me this time.
Mr. Pao, I'm sorry.
Please don't say that.
Mrs. Chi, please give me your finger.
I don't think this world has no justice.
I promise you.
As long as I'm alive,
I will try my best to save you.
Thank you, sir.
Uncle!
-You bastard.
-Cut the crap.
-You're sentenced to death!
-Death sentence?
They said you allied
with notorious robbers,
smuggled arms, pushed an old lady
into the sea, and raped a pig.
I've never raped a pig.
They want to frame you.
You'll be dead meat.
I've discussed it with grandpa.
Before your death,
we want you to leave a descendant.
So, we've got you a virgin.
-I want that too!
-Next time!
Cut the crap. Go in and reproduce.
Yu-fa, hurry up.
It's really you, Yu-fa.
Of course, it's me.
Don't waste time. Let's do it.
Yau-wai, take a black cloth
and cover me please.
That's unnecessary.
I have a new technique, Breaking the Wall!
Yu-fa, you're incredible!
Hurry, let's go now.
Mrs. Chi, don't worry.
I will come back and save you.
Let's go!
Sir, I wish you a safe journey.
Live long and happily.
Sing, I'm glad you're back.
Great, you got your memory back.
Mom.
Sing, it's great to see you.
Your dad is seriously ill.
How are you, Dad? Are you okay?
I'm glad you're rescued.
I'm useless. I brought shame to you.
That's not true.
You're not as vicious as them.
A corrupted official should be vicious.
A decent official should be more vicious.
If not, how can you cope
with those vicious bastards?
Sing, make an imperial appeal
at the capital.
I want to do so.
I have one half of this biscuit.
I kept this for 20 years.
You better make good use of it.
What does this represent?
The current judicial secretary
was my best friend back then.
He almost starved to death.
I had a biscuit so I gave it to him.
After that, he returned half of it to me.
He said when he succeeds in life,
if my descendants
take this biscuit to him,
he'll try his best to repay me.
But I'm afraid
I would be no match for them.
How come? We are from the Pao family.
In the Song Dynasty,
our ancestor, Pao Ching...
-Justice Bao?
-Yes, that's him!
He wrote a sacred manuscript.
That manuscript is with me.
I've learned everything.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Where is it now?
Your mom put it under the table
for her mahjong sessions.
CHING-WAN MANUAL
But I can't read these letters.
Those are small seal characters.
You didn't study hard.
That's why you don't know.
Ask someone to teach you.
I know it, Dad.
What kind of treasures do you have?
Give them all to me.
We have a sword of state.
It was given by the previous emperor.
Take it to the capital.
Where is it now?
Take it.
This is authorized to kill
the corrupted kings and vicious officials.
Take it.
Yau-wai, keep the treasured sword.
Dad!
I just want to...
What's wrong with you?
Do you want to set me free
to kill Pao Lung-sing?
You are nasty too.
Without you telling me,
I will still tear him to pieces!
Yau-wai, Mom gave you some gold.
Why are you carrying so many carrots?
These are the gold grandma mentioned.
I think these carrots are enough
for us to go to the capital.
Uncle, there's something over there.
That idiot looks like you.
-No, he doesn't.
Thank goodness.
Uncle, is this the face you made?
We're in a dangerous situation.
We survived.
-That's him!
Don't run!
Run!
Hurry up, it's getting dark.
Hurry up, let's get on board.
Untie the boat.
Don't run, you bastard!
Don't chase after me!
Wait for me!
A lady.
Why did you risk your life?
Someone wants to kill me,
so I had no choice.
Don't run, bastard!
You can never escape!
Bastard!
Don't run, bastard!
Who is he calling?
He's calling me Betty.
Betty?
Thank you for your help.
-May I know your name?
-Stone Mansion.
-What about yours?
-Stone Talk.
How secretive.
-Stone Mansion.
-Stone Talk.
Forget it then.
Why did the guy chase after you?
Clearly, he's attracted by her beauty,
so he attempted to rape her.
Idiot, he's a man.
Don't worry. I'll treat you to a meal,
so you can calm down.
Come on, don't be shy.
Ms. Stone.
Are you going to the capital?
Yes, we are.
But we won't enter the capital.
-Come on, help yourself.
-Sure.
Why don't we go there together
so we can take care of each other?
Ask him.
But you have to help us with the show.
I know nothing.
-You can learn.
-What?
Eat up, don't be shy.
Take this. Come on.
Bravo!
YUT-LOI INN
A dudou?
Ying, you packed your stuff.
Where are you going?
I don't want to bother you
since I know you're unhappy.
I better leave.
Where can you go?
I will go with the flow.
You better get shelter here.
-If you stay, I'll take care of you.
-Thank you.
I'll help myself then.
You are nasty.
I...
Damn it, just a small trick!
Now, I have free accommodation and meals.
What a coincidence.
How did you come in?
There is a hole.
That's a rat hole.
I know how to shrink my body.
-How wonderful!
-Cut the crap.
The inn is full. I'm afraid
we have to sleep in the same bed.
-We can't do that.
-Don't be afraid.
-We're men. Unless you're...
-I'm not.
So, come on.
Ying, come out now.
I'm coming.
What's the matter?
-Your relative wants to see you.
-My relative?
I found you at last.
Shut up, I don't want to see you.
Get lost now.
-I don't...
-Shut up.
-Shut up!
Why don't you let me greet you?
Ms. Betty!
You're so smart.
If I were smart,
I wouldn't have been beaten.
You almost revealed my secret.
What? What about Ms. Betty?
They are so kind to let you stay.
Why did you lie to them?
Sorry, she's a girl.
-Dad!
-We call her Betty at home.
Are you a woman?
You know it.
It's not convenient
for a girl to travel around.
So, she dressed like this.
Betty, say sorry to them. Go.
So, you're the brother
and also the sister.
You're so smart.
Please don't tease me.
Ms. Betty, could you please come over?
Stop bothering me.
I want to tell you something
about Uncle Pao.
I will be right back.
I've checked.
This group is going to the capital.
We just have two carrots left.
How can we survive?
-Let's follow them to the capital.
-You needn't teach me.
You can't do that to her!
She is a girl.
I didn't know that.
So, do you know it now?
Ying!
Sleep with me tonight.
Great!
Hang on, I can't sleep alone.
I'm afraid of the darkness.
No problem, I'll sleep with you.
What a beautiful moon.
It won't be beautiful soon.
Come and sleep.
Have you chatted with others
on the rooftop while looking at the moon?
I hate that the most!
I forgot who told me.
When the moon is
the roundest and prettiest,
tell it your wish and it will come true.
Have you ever made a wish to the moon?
How about you?
I made a wish back then
to be a decent official.
When I grew up, I know
it's hard to be a decent official.
But I'm neither decent nor nasty.
I achieved nothing.
I heard the muscular man
called you bastard.
Who are you actually?
-My surname is Pao.
-Are you Pao Lung-sing?
Do you know me?
Everyone in the nearby provinces
knows you.
You were fired while fighting
for justice for a woman.
Your courage is praised.
In fact, I'm not. I dare not look down.
In my heart, you're the bravest.
Since you insist, I must admit.
I'm a low-profile person.
Please don't report to the court.
I can sleep outside.
If you don't sleep with me,
your identity will be easily exposed.
Be careful during your journey.
You must always think about me.
You have to wear more clothes
when you are doing shows.
Remember to miss me, okay?
-Don't court other girls!
-Don't seduce other men!
Don't worry, I won't.
Hey!
When will we meet again?
Next year, we will meet
in spring when the flowers blossom.
Take care.
SECRETARY'S MANOR
-Is this really your biscuit?
-Yes!
I'm glad to see you. How's your dad?
He has just passed away.
Why do kind people die early?
I'll cut to the chase.
I came a long way to meet you.
I want to make an imperial appeal.
What is it about?
I was an official.
But a rich guy colluded
with a corrupted official--
That's enough. I can't accept it.
I hate this kind of people the most!
Uncle, I finally see hope.
Tell me. Who's that guy?
We will fight for you by all means.
He's called Shang Wai.
His dad is that bastard, Shang Kwan,
the Navy commander.
Your Excellency. What do you think?
What's your idea?
I wish I could chop their heads off...
and use them to wipe my ass.
Uncle, I want to wipe mine too.
After you finish, I'll wipe mine again.
Are you interested? I can lend it to you.
Do I have a share?
Sir, may I know your name?
I am Shang Kwan!
It's a trap!
I won't give a damn!
Your Excellency, it's so decent of you.
-This guy--
-Save your breath.
-What?
-Save your breath! Go now!
Officials protect each other.
My dad helped you once.
Even if you don't help me,
you should give me some benefits.
You can pay me a few million taels
for me to eat porridge when I go back.
Your dad gave me
a tasteless biscuit back then.
At most, I could repay you a biscuit.
But I'm kind enough
to repay you 100 of it!
You really have guts. Yau-wai, let's go.
Hold on, you needn't hurry.
Why not eat the biscuits first?
Someone, feed them with biscuits.
-Come on!
-Open your mouth!
-Swallow it!
Do you want to accuse me?
Even His Majesty can do nothing to me.
Why don't we kill them?
No, I want them to stay
in the capital to be beggars!
So that his dad will lose his reputation.
Yau-wai. How are you?
-I...
-Are you okay?
I feel a little bit hungry.
-Thank you for your help.
-You're welcome.
Dear my daughter-in-law,
come and thank His Excellency.
-Thank you.
-No worries.
When is the baby due?
It's next month.
-You have to join the full-moon party.
-Sure.
-Go away!
ERLANG SHEN TEMPLE
Come on, buy some incense.
You will be blessed.
Miss, come and buy some incense.
Do you want to sell incense?
Uncle, we've been driven to a dead end.
We will have a way out.
I know but we haven't eaten for days.
Thank you!
Pal, I'm an official!
Free buns!
-Let's go.
-Hey!
Miss, please give me one. One more.
I haven't eaten for days.
Yau-wai, don't take those buns.
If you take it, you'll become a beggar.
Leave me. I'd rather be a beggar.
-Listen to me, please.
-Don't block my way.
Someone is giving money!
Yau-wai!
I can't get used to begging.
I won't be a beggar!
How dare you eat for free
at our place? Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Pal, did you cheat for a free meal?
So what? I'm going to another restaurant.
Okay, I'd rather be a cheater.
Come again when you have time.
Sir.
I can tell that you're a visitor.
I can tell that you're rich.
Fung, Chun. Come and serve our VIP.
Come, have some tea.
Do you not like it?
Come to our VIP room then.
I will serve you the best dishes.
Let's go, don't be shy.
Sir, don't rush.
You might choke if you eat so fast.
Eat the vegetables or maybe the fish.
Are you full?
Well, have some wine.
-Come on, this is my toast.
-Stop bothering me.
Come on, drink it.
No one cares about eating in a brothel!
-Crazy!
-No, he isn't.
He has good taste.
Ordinary girls don't entice him.
I have to serve him with our treasure.
Yu Yin!
Let's go out.
You...
Who I am is not important.
We're fated to meet each other here.
I--
Don't say anything.
Let's close our eyes
and guess each other's character,
identity, and interests.
One, two, three.
You are a woman.
You are a decent woman.
You don't care about money.
Anything else?
Guess who I am.
I don't know your past.
But soon, you'll become handicapped.
You don't even have a penny.
How dare you come to our place?
Don't come over.
Or I will stab her eyes.
Visit a brothel?
You have no money but ate a great meal.
Finding prostitutes?
I will cut your balls off!
You can't use them!
How dare you?
Did you see that?
This is the right way to beat him.
Really? No money at all.
Just some cheap clothes. Damn it.
Just one old book!
Don't touch my book.
Don't burn my book.
You can't burn it. Don't!
It's over.
From this day onward,
you have to be a pimp for three months!
Clean them properly.
Pour away the water.
He's so pitiful.
He can't even close his mouth.
How can he eat?
Tell your owner to come out.
Or I will scold her entire family as well.
Flaming Aunt. What's the matter?
Your girls have taken all my customers!
What do you think?
The clients pay whoever they like.
It's not our fault.
No way, I want you to cover my loss!
Serve me tea and apologize!
Otherwise, I will teach you a good lesson!
Do you want to quarrel with me?
Buttless son. Butt-selling dad.
Pathetic butt. Chicken butt lover.
Big butt. How can you blame me?
-I'll scold you.
-Let me tell you.
My dads died when I was three,
four, five, six, seven and eight.
I seduced men at ten.
I slept with your man too.
-How dare you!
-Show me your man. I will court him.
I'll squeeze you to death!
If you squeeze me, I will enjoy it!
I--
Damn you!
What is this word?
Is it smart?
-It's smart.
-What a shame. You don't even know.
You seduced men at seven.
You're 40 now. Don't you feel ashamed?
You can't win an argument.
Don't you feel ashamed?
What have you achieved in your life?
I've trained four famous prostitutes.
They are the best in the capital.
Right, but they are now under me.
Haven't they told you?
You're old and poor.
Even your girls left you. You should die.
You'll still be dumb when you're dead.
You'll become a pineapple core
in your next life!
-What does that mean?
-Thrown once used!
Do you want to quarrel with me? Get lost!
How wonderful.
-I love you.
-Good. Go to hell!
-What are you doing?
-Don't ask me.
Don't you feel it?
Close your eyes first.
Do you still want to fool me?
I was terribly beaten last time.
I won't beat you up.
I just want to chat with someone.
Why?
I feel lonely and cold.
Is it that serious?
I always face those bastards.
I can't make friends with them.
-I'm a bastard too.
-No, you're not that bad.
That's right.
Hold me.
Do you need that?
I won't fool you.
I just want a man who's not
so disgusting to give me warmth.
No way.
Think of it as an act of kindness.
All right.
Be frank, you have to
give me a red packet.
Bastard! How dare you court my girl?
-Do you want to quarrel?
-I don't. You live, eat, shit here.
How dare you court my girl? Heartless!
She got bored of prostitution.
She wants me to comfort her.
You're an old prostitute.
Have you ever felt lonely and cold?
Yes.
-None of your business!
-None of my business?
I want you to be happy.
If not, you'll mistreat the clients.
The clients won't come. If we close shop,
I have to sleep on the road.
Is it none of my business?
How dare you talk back? You will die!
Before that, I'll pick your bones!
-Your son will have no ass!
-Do you mean your son?
-How long can you continue this?
-Until you die!
I...
You're prettier without makeup.
You'll live happily if you die.
-You...
-I will drive you mad.
Become a ghost and scare you to death.
How come this guy
is so good at quarreling?
-Are you okay?
-Get lost!
Handsome, don't go if you have guts.
I will look for help and quarrel with you.
I'll wait.
EXTREMELY NOBLE, MAGICAL, AND WONDERFUL
-You!
-Damn...
KING OF QUARREL
I heard you had a terrible quarrel
with Aunt San.
-She even twisted her tongue.
-It was nothing.
You're the sharp tongue
of the brothel now.
Someone's here to challenge us again.
-How dare they!
-Let me handle it!
I'm working on a case now.
If Yu Yin doesn't serve me tonight,
I'll turn this place over
to find the criminal.
Please don't. She doesn't sell her body.
It's not selling if I don't pay.
-What are you doing?
-Panther is here!
Hurry up and hide!
It's a pond out there.
Sir.
Sir, don't do this. I'll scream for help.
Go ahead! Nobody will hear you.
Help me!
Inhuman!
Could you stop now, sir?
The royal duke is here.
He wants Yu Yin too.
-Really?
-Yes.
He brought a pale and young man with him.
Someone's here.
Royal duke.
So, this is Ms. Yu.
No.
-No?
-She is so pretty but you said no.
No wonder, she's the number one here.
My dear brother.
Enjoy your chat with Ms. Yu.
-Come with me.
-Yes, take your time.
Don't do this. I'm going to scream.
Go ahead! It's useless!
-Inhuman!
There's a guest with Yu Yin.
I'm the Home Affairs secretary.
Who dare stands in my way?
-Please, sir. Sir!
-Get lost!
Home Affairs secretary?
If he sees me,
he'll tell the dowager empress.
I'll be in trouble.
It's a pond out there.
Under the bed.
Please don't go in.
How dare you lie to me?
There's no one here.
There are enough people to play mahjong.
Can you handle it, Yin?
Don't worry.
Nice to meet you.
-What's your name?
-Ai Shin Chue Luo.
Don't do this. I'm going to scream.
Go ahead. It's useless.
Don't do this.
How come all men are like this?
I'm getting bored.
-Inhuman!
Have you ever played animal chess?
Elephant eats tiger. Tiger eats cat.
Cat eats rat. Rat eats elephant!
Rat, do you know what to do?
Who is it?
Sir, a great hero like you
must be great in bed too.
I'm here to learn your skills.
Bastard! Get out!
Sure, but I have a big mouth.
I don't know how to keep secrets.
So, hundreds of people
may come to admire you like I did
and cheer you on.
Here's the money! Get out.
-I'll pay you. Do it quickly.
-I...
It's either you do it or me.
You should leave.
All right, leave.
-Help me!
-What's the matter?
So, you already had an audience here.
I was prepared as well. Come out.
Who are they?
They are professional storytellers.
They will spread a new story about you.
It's divided into nine parts.
I'm sure the audience will love it.
Forget about me.
Only one piece?
There are four of us.
How do we divide this?
All right, three more. Let's go.
Thank you.
Sing, you were great!
Take it!
You are pretty smart.
-Your Majesty.
-How do you know that?
Forgive me. I found your royal underwear.
Please forgive me.
Maybe it dropped because I was too scared.
-Your Majesty.
My visit to the brothel is...
No, my visitation must be kept a secret.
Whoever exposes it,
I'll kill his family members.
Your Majesty, I have to ask for a favor.
If you don't help me, I'll expose this
even if you kill my family members.
How dare you threaten me?
Why are you interested
in observing the plants today?
I observed the weather
to be quite abnormal lately.
There must be some injustice.
I'd like to hear your opinions.
Your Majesty. Everyone's having
a happy and stable life.
Really?
Then why would someone file
an imperial appeal?
Your Majesty, it must be a rascal
trying to set them up.
-Right. A setup. It must be a setup.
-A setup.
But Pao Lung-sing seems decent.
I don't think he's a rascal.
Pao Lung-sing looks like a rat.
His father was well known
for his corruption. Like father, like son.
-He is completely a rascal.
-That's right.
-Is he that bad?
-Yes!
Did he come here to make an appeal before?
Summon Pao Lung-sing!
-Your Majesty.
-Rise.
Did he come here to make an appeal?
Yes, Your Majesty.
He took bribes and tried to frame my son.
But his boss was smart enough to fire him.
He's still a wanted criminal.
So, His Excellency ignored him.
How did Your Majesty get to know him?
Your Majesty,
I have informants everywhere.
I heard that after he failed
in his imperial appeal,
he even worked as a pimp in a brothel.
I'm sure Your Majesty
won't trust a pimp's words.
-Unless you went to--
-Nonsense!
How could His Majesty visit there?
Of course.
I've never been a pimp.
I hid myself to study hard.
I want to draft the lawsuit
and make an appeal again.
Were you never a pimp?
All right. Someone, summon Aunt San.
Luckily, I had a lead.
He would be dead meat.
Your Majesty, this woman
is the owner of that brothel.
She'll identify Pao Lung-sing.
Yes, sir.
Is he the pimp of your brothel?
No! I've never met him.
What's wrong?
Have you never seen a pretty lady?
Okay. Step aside.
If he's not a pimp,
I can trust his words now.
Pao Lung-sing, tell us about your case.
Your Majesty, I used to be
an acting magistrate.
But I was bullied by my boss,
Chan Pak-cheung.
He framed a poor woman.
She was pregnant
and yet she was sentenced to death.
I want a fair trial.
Your Majesty, he's lying.
He's also a wanted criminal.
What was his crime?
He messed with the corpses.
No, I tried to investigate
the real cause of the victims' death
because their deaths were suspicious.
Both of you sound right. What should I do?
Let's make a bet.
Here's an apple.
If you can hit it by throwing this dagger,
I'll allow a retrial.
-Your Majesty, please think about it.
If you miss, you'll be killed!
-Your Majesty, just do it.
It's difficult for you
if we put it on the table.
Let's put it on my head.
-No, Your Majesty.
-Be mindful of your safety.
You're truly loyal to me.
No wonder you're the backbone.
I'll let you replace my position
to hold the apple.
Go ahead.
Are you ready? Okay!
Your Majesty,
I'd like to be blindfolded first.
Do you usually throw with blindfolds on?
No, but the blood will make me sick.
All right.
I'm throwing it!
I think the victim was framed.
Let's have a retrial.
Don't force yourself.
Not at all. Justice comes first.
Pao Lung-sing, come forward.
You're now appointed as the supreme judge.
Together with the secretary
and the Navy commander,
retry the tragic case
of Chi family's annihilation.
Panther, you'll guard Pao's life forever.
You're appointed
as the great martial arts master.
Go now with Pao.
-Thank you, Your Majesty.
What's the rank of a supreme judge?
First rank.
Great!
Your Majesty, thank you very much.
I tried my best.
You should return the favor.
Let's go to the brothel.
Great!
It's time. Chop!
Wait a minute!
Don't listen to him. Do it!
His Majesty's decree. Halt the sentence.
Take the criminal under custody.
Wait for a retrial
by the supreme judge, Mr. Pao.
Mr. Pao...
FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE
Mr. Pao wants to prove
Mrs. Chi's innocence.
Let's give him a hand.
Dad, I will reestablish
our reputation today.
-What's wrong?
-Why do you look so sunburned?
Uncle wants to be tanned like Pao Ching.
That's why we had a tan.
Am I right, Uncle?
Uncle. How come you're not tanned?
I wore a mask while sunbathing.
I just need this mark.
How come you look like an African chicken?
I was fooled by you.
The murder case of 13 Chi family members
will be retried by three departments.
The presiding judge would be
the supreme judge, Pao Lung-sing.
Joining the retrial, we have
the judicial secretary, Mr. Fa,
the Navy commander, Mr. Shang,
and me, Mr. Chan.
Keep quiet in court!
Today, no one's allowed
to speak profanity.
You can't curse at each other's parents
or mention any sex organ.
I should be granted special rights.
All right, you can curse only
at each other's mom.
Damn your mom.
Uncle, you'll win for sure.
Bird's nest, Uncle.
This supreme judge only has a bigger desk.
Don't worry. Just fight him.
Exercise your mouth.
Don't worry.
Eunuch Lee is on our side.
Try your best to beat him.
You'll get him.
-Your--
-What?
-I mean Your Honor.
-What's your honor?
-Can't I call you that?
-You can, but no staring.
-Did I stare?
-You stared at me.
You knew because you stared first.
I can call you a slut,
but you can't stare at me.
How dare you call me a slut?
I'll report to His Majesty!
Slut!
You can't do this.
He's appointed by His Majesty.
Damn your mom.
-You can't curse in court--
-Damn your mom.
You don't have to go that far.
Damn your mom's mom!
You are a slut!
I'm here to retry the case.
I didn't summon you yet.
But you wanted to get scolded.
Do you deserve this?
Tell me. Do you deserve this?
You can't leave.
Yet you claim you're an expert.
Why did you step out?
Guilt? Ulterior motive?
Tell me which one.
I came with the others for fun.
I just stepped out a bit.
-All right, I'll take a step back.
-Cut the crap. Step back!
Stand behind the yellow line!
Stand.
I'm here. So what?
Shit, I step out again.
Shit, I step back again. So what?
Are you going to beat me?
All right!
You all heard that he asked for it.
I've never heard of a request like this.
Sir, we should question Mrs. Chi first.
Mrs. Chi. What do you have to say?
The judicial secretary
and I will seek justice for you.
Sir, it's all under your control.
I'm just an assistant.
My family was murdered
by Shang Wai
and I was raped by him too.
Please help me, Your Honor.
Summon Shang Wai!
Your Honors.
Mr. Shang.
How did her family die?
She killed them.
Summon the drugstore keeper
and the coroner.
-Your Honor.
Chu Yee.
In your last statement, Mrs. Chi
bought arsenic from your store, right?
Yes, Your Honor.
Coroner.
You testified that the sweet soup
contained poison, right?
Yes, Your Honor.
Everyone, there are sweet soup
and a catty of arsenic in here.
If we pour them in, it'll be too sticky.
Do you think
anyone would want to eat this?
Maybe the Chi family was stupid.
We can't do anything about that.
Would you like to try some?
It's wonderful.
Drink it, then you can fly.
Help.
You're stupid too but you won't drink it.
Do you think Chi family
would be more stupid than you?
Maybe she didn't put all the arsenic.
So, where did the rest go?
I searched the area and I didn't find it.
If she didn't need that much,
why would she buy that much
to arouse the suspicion of others?
So the truth is you lied!
I didn't lie, Your Honor.
Really?
We stole this account book from you.
Not many people buy arsenic.
You only ordered half a catty of arsenic.
Yet, you said you sold her
a catty of arsenic!
-Your Honor, I remembered wrongly.
-Did you?
How about a few months ago
when you testified?
You always remembered wrongly!
-Great martial arts master.
-Yes, sir.
I asked you to examine the bodies.
What did you discover?
Please turn around.
Your Honor, look.
Only the throats turned black.
The rest of their bodies looked normal.
According to my 30 years
of constable experience,
someone must've poured poison
into their mouths.
So, the poison
didn't reach their stomachs.
All the corpses had a serious fracture.
Their heads were put back
together with nails.
I think the murderer
must be skilled in martial arts.
After the tragedy, someone did a cover-up.
Shang Wai. Did you hear it?
Sir, I have something to say.
He just said they were killed
by a martial arts expert.
But Mr. Shang doesn't know martial arts.
How can you prove he murdered them?
If he doesn't know martial arts,
why was it so hard to arrest him?
I was born strong.
Really? Someone, punish him.
-Yes!
If you don't resist, we'll break you.
If you resist,
it means you know martial arts.
Eunuch Lee arrives!
Godfather.
-Eunuch Lee.
-Lin-ying.
Thank you for working hard.
I came to listen to the trial.
I also brought something
for Wai, my godson.
Godfather.
Behave yourself.
If you commit any crimes,
I'll punish you too.
But if anyone wants
to bully and frame you.
I'll back you up.
-Of course.
This is from the empress dowager.
If you wear it, nobody is allowed
to hit you except His Majesty.
No one is allowed to hurt you.
Your Honor.
Uncle, we can't beat him.
What should we do?
How wise!
Your Honor.
Maybe they weren't poisoned to death.
But Mrs. Chi might've hired
an assassin to murder them.
The time reporter also saw
Wai got beaten up too.
We should punish Mrs. Chi
to make her confess.
Someone, punish Mrs. Chi!
You're so wise.
I admire your flattering ability.
-Mr. Pao, what do you mean?
-Nothing serious.
I'll say something else.
-You--
-Don't mention my mom.
Who said he wants to use punishment?
Mr. Pao, you don't have to distract us.
Prepare her for the punishment.
-Yes!
Wait a moment!
Why should we listen to you? I object!
What?
Mr. Pao, you're very bureaucratic.
If we let you get promoted in future,
you won't even respect
the empress dowager.
Of course not.
I respect Her Highness
from the bottom of my heart.
Unlike you, who always talk
but don't respect her.
What's your goal?
-You--
-You weren't filial to your mom
by becoming a eunuch.
You're not loyal because
you don't respect the empress dowager.
So, why is a disloyal
and unfilial guy sitting here?
How dare you talk like this?
You dare to scold me!
I'm the supreme judge.
I'm the most powerful here.
You're just a fifth-ranking official,
a housekeeper of the royal family.
I'm standing. How dare you sit there?
I must teach you some manners.
Okay, I'll report to His Majesty
and kill your entire--
Damn your dad.
Go ahead if you can walk out of here.
Shut the door! Release the dogs.
-Mr. Pao!
I can handle this by myself.
I won't argue with you.
Get back to the trial.
All right. Asshole.
-Who do you mean?
-Whoever answers me.
You bastard. I'll ignore you.
You're a maniac.
Damn you! Damn your family!
Go to hell!
Sissy asshole.
Sir.
Mr. Pao is buying time.
Let's scare the witnesses.
-Go.
-Yes.
-Isn't that the coroner?
-How come he's beaten up like this?
Mr. Pao found out
that he made false testimony.
He accepted bribery and framed the lady.
So, we beat him up.
The drugstore keeper, Chu Yee,
was cut into two by Mr. Pao.
It hurts!
Help me! What are you doing?
It hurts! It hurts so much!
I can't walk. I can't move.
-Don't tell lies.
-Don't come close.
It hurts! Help me.
What are you doing? Go away!
Someone help me.
What are you doing down there?
I want to write the word, miserable.
I can't read. Don't bother me.
I'm dead.
It's your turn.
You have a lemon head, rat face,
sloping eyebrows, eagle nose,
elephant ears,
big mouth, yellow teeth, pig legs,
uneven hands and arms,
chicken chest, dog belly,
and a large waist.
If I were you, I'd rather die.
-I...
-You took off your pants before sleep.
Your body has butt markings.
You deserve to be pierced by a stick.
Damn you.
Eunuch Lee, are you okay?
Come and take a seat.
Go to hell!
Why don't you punish her, Mr. Pao?
You argued for a few hours.
Are you buying time?
Of course not. Go on.
Summon the time reporter,
Loi-fook and the gynecologist.
Your Honor!
We're willing to tell the truth.
One by one, let's question Mrs. Chi first.
That's right. It's not your turn yet.
Punish Mrs. Chi first.
-It hurts so much.
-Are you pretending?
It hurts. My baby is coming out.
How dare you! You're clearly faking it.
Someone, punish her!
Hang on, let's ask
the gynecologist's opinion.
She'll know after she examines her.
It hurts.
Your Honor, her baby is coming out.
What do you think, Eunuch Lee?
I'm not the judge. You all should decide.
Let's vote.
If you think she should be
punished now, hands up.
-Three to one! Punish her!
-No way.
Everybody can vote here.
Hands up if you think
she should give birth first.
-Let her give birth!
What do you think, Mr. Shang?
We can't offend the public.
Let her give birth then.
All right, Mrs. Chi is permitted
to give birth first.
-Be careful.
-It hurts!
Time reporter. There was
something wrong with your testimony.
I'll give you another chance
to tell the truth.
What did you really see on that day?
I...
I saw Shang Wai beating Loi-fook.
So, the Chi family's dog
attacked Shang Wai.
But Shang Wai kicked the dog to death.
Loi-fook got away. I tried to escape too.
But Shang kicked me hard, and I fainted.
Why didn't you say this last time?
Because Mr. Fong gave me
500 taels to give false testimony.
Your Honor, please don't kill me.
Don't lie!
Do you mean everyone's lying?
Loi-fook, what did you see on that night?
I forgot.
Did you commit adultery with Mrs. Chi?
Did she ask you
to murder the whole family?
No, I only had an affair with her.
You said Mrs. Chi was fond of you
because of your literacy talent.
-She even wrote you a love poem, right?
-Yes!
Bring him the love poem.
Could you read it again?
"Ever since we met,
I know we are two of a kind.
Who cares how long we can be together?
We should just enjoy our time."
A few words are missing, right?
The is a different poem,
Quiet Night Thought. You idiot!
What word is this?
You can't even read the word, dead!
You can't even read.
How dare you frame her?
Someone, kill him now.
No, Your Honor. It's not me.
Mr. Fong gave me 5,000 taels
to frame Mrs. Chi.
I still have 3,000 taels at home.
Bastard. How dare you betray me?
You committed adultery!
Kill him, Your Honor!
Your Honor, it's not my fault.
I have evidence.
I can never have an affair with Mrs. Chi.
I'll show you.
-Show us then.
-Okay.
I was born in a poor family
so I castrated myself.
I wanted to be a eunuch.
But I didn't have money
to bribe the eunuch so I failed.
Then I went to work for the Chi family.
So, I can't have an affair with Mrs. Chi.
Another damn eunuch.
Save it. I don't mean you.
All right.
Let's strip Mr. Fong of his title first.
Let's try his bribery crimes later.
What do you think?
Sure, whatever you say.
Fong Tong-kan!
You better tell the truth.
I'll consider reducing
your punishment. Spill it!
Fong Tong-kan and Loi-fook
are guilty of bribery,
so they should be sentenced to death.
-You're so vicious.
How dare you. Slap them.
Uncle, they were seriously hurt.
So we don't have any witnesses now.
Sing, I brought the sword of state to you.
Mom, you...
-Here.
-Grandma, stop playing. We are busy.
Take the salted fish away.
This is not a salted fish. It's real.
Sword of state?
Uncle, you better be sure. Maybe it's...
-It's really the sword of state!
Shang Wai, do you think
I couldn't beat you up?
In front of me, you can't deny it.
I will chop your fingers off
with my sword.
Are you going to confess now?
Asshole, get lost.
My sword can kill corrupted kings
and vicious officials.
-I don't want to hurt you.
-Since the reign of the Qing Dynasty,
I've never heard of the sword of state.
What's this sword?
This is not a common sword.
Of course, you wouldn't know.
Grandma, tell them!
Which emperor granted this sword
to our Pao family?
It's granted by Emperor Sung-ching
of the Ming Dynasty.
The Ming Dynasty?
Are you using this sword to hurt
an official of the Qing Dynasty?
Is this a rebellion?
In fact, the atmosphere is too tense.
My mom and I wanted to do something
to ease up the tension.
Would you mind that?
If you swallow it,
I'll think you're fooling around.
Sure, I'll do it.
Thank you! You're too kind, everyone.
It's fine now.
Let's get back to the trial.
I'll let it go then.
If you don't show any evidence
to accuse Shang Wai,
you have to adjourn.
Then Wai will be acquitted.
Hey, the baby is born!
-Congratulations.
Stop fooling around. Decide it now.
Well, we have no choice
but to do a blood test.
-Blood test?
That's right!
Scare him first.
Shang Wai, you said
you didn't rape the plaintiff.
So, her baby must be unrelated to you.
Your blood won't conglomerate
with the baby's blood.
If you take the blood test,
you can prove you're innocent.
If you don't take the test,
you must be the rapist!
Go ahead.
I fear nothing.
It conglomerated!
You must be the murderer!
You raped her and killed her family.
You can't deny it now.
Someone, prepare the guillotine!
Impossible.
Godfather, the kid isn't mine.
It isn't mine. Godfather!
-I am here. Don't panic!
-You have to help me!
If you weren't the rapist,
why would the blood conglomerate?
That must be your kid!
There's no other explanation!
He's not my kid!
After I screwed her that night,
how can she get pregnant the next day?
That's impossible!
-So, you screwed her!
You bastard. How dare you lie to me?
Are you happy? That's the truth.
I won't back you up anymore!
Please give way!
Dear, what happened?
Dear, why are you here?
You and Father told me to bring our son.
Was that my son?
You meant that was my son.
You bastard! How dare you trick me!
So what?
Cut the crap!
Shut the door and let the dogs out.
I don't care! I'm leaving.
Godfather!
-Don't come over.
-Bastard, do you want to rebel?
I told you he knows martial arts.
You better confess now.
Stand back! I'll kill him.
Eunuch Lee, thank you
for sacrificing yourself.
I will report to His Majesty
and give you a grand funeral.
Close the door. Let the dogs out!
Don't come over.
Panther, throw him here.
Your Honor, it's me!
I know. Go and fight again,
great martial arts master.
FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE
You dragged me down.
Stop talking or I'll kick you to death!
I beg you, sir. Don't swing the carriage.
I'm getting motion sickness.
Congratulations, Mr. Pao.
Thank you!
I'm no longer an official.
Why did you open a drugstore
and quit your post?
I don't think you'll understand anyway.
Look at Stone Mansion and Yu Yin.
-Dear! Be careful. Let me kiss them.
-Mrs. Pao.
I gave my late husband's
hereditary nostrum to Mr. Pao.
After taking the medicine,
he got both of his wives pregnant.
Now, he's going to use it in his business.
INDIA'S MIRACULOUS CURE
It's from India.
I could have such great achievements
because of His Majesty.
I miss him so much.
Luckily, I have his royal underwear
as my collection.
I feel great after smelling it.
It gives me strength.
It's of good taste too.
Don't miss out.
The royal duke has arrived.
Welcome, Your Grace.
Mr. Pao, I couldn't congratulate you.
I've to tell you a piece of bad news.
His Majesty passed away.
His Majesty!
Why did this happen?
Why did His Majesty pass away?
-A sickness.
-What kind of sickness?
It is syphilis!